modules: tfm: disable SECURE_UART when TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE (#95582)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.3.rst

* The separate ``em3`` power state was removed from Series 2 SoCs. The system automatically
  transitions to EM2 or EM3 depending on hardware peripheral requests for the oscillators.

Trusted Firmware-M
==================

* The ``SECURE_UART1`` TF-M define is now controlled by the Zephyr buildsystem

>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART`. This option will override any platform values previously

Author: I was explicit about the "Zephyr build system" comment because TF-M also uses Kconfig internally (even though Zephyr doesn't use it) and I wanted to be clear about where the option sits.

> * The ``SECURE_UART1`` TF-M define is now controlled by the Zephyr buildsystem
>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART`. This option will override any platform values previously

Reviewer: Then maybe rather the following?
```suggestion
* The ``SECURE_UART1`` TF-M define is now controlled by Zephyr's
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART`. This option will override any platform values previously
```
